Niquecraft Realms


* Each town has a stable, when you ride your horse into a stable it dissapears and is added to the "stables". You can load 
  all your horses from the stables by speaking the the Stable Master, an NPC who sits in the stables of each town. Clicking
  on him brings up the stables interface which lists all your horses which are in stables. You can then click on the icon 
  for a horse to mount it. Stables are a quick way to teleport horses between towns (that have stables) and also a safe
  place to keep your beloved horsies. Everyone is limited to a maximum of 9 horses in their stable.
 
* Towns where pvp is enabled could have groups of bandits attack the town and anyone in it. Bandits could raid shops, put
  them out of buissness for a while, certian npc's could lock their doors so no body can enter their land which bandits
  are raiding which could be an awesome quest where you have to "save the village".

* Loot chests will be randomly placed around the map, opening it deletes it for a random amount of time. This can already
  be done with the PhatLoots plugin, but we should just create something similar for easy support with the rest of our
  plugins. Should be done via serialzation where the region name can be set, what items in that region name and the
  rarity of items. Delete the chest when its clicked and load an inventory from this data to show to the player. This
  will seem like they are just opening the chest.

* Items will be generated randomly using a set of rules coded in to the plugin that generates the items. For example
  the name can be a mixture of strings, certian strings are rare while others are not. The name can also relate to what
  type of item it is. For example "Flame" could have a 3% chance and provides fire aspect. "Battle" could have a 20%
  chance to spawn, deal more damage than regular swords, has an increased hit range but swings slower.

* Graveyards are placed all over the map. When you die you will respawn as a ghost (transperent player which is done with
  invisiblity and teams). A dead body is also placed at your location (An npc of yourself set to sleeping) and you have
  5 minutes to get to your body and save your items. After 5 minutes anyone can access your body. When you are a ghost
  you can not interact with the world in any way and you need to go to your body to come back to life. once respawned
  health will be at 60% 

* Waypoints are set via an eye of ender. Clicking on an eye of ender opens up the waypoint interface. Here you can browse
  all your set waypoitns and add new ones. Premium players should get extra waypoints. When you click on a set waypoint,
  it will spawn an eye of ender every 3 seconds at your player pointing towards the location of the set waypoint.

* When you right click on a player in a safe area, you are shown an interface where you can view their stats about what
  they are wearing, what guild they're in. You can also challenge them to a duel or request to trade with them.
  
* entering a new area, comes up with the name and a colour depending on the level, 
  eg. 5+ levels higher avg, red name . . . 2-5 levels higher orange name . . . 1 level difference, yellow name ect
  same goes for separate mobs and players.
  
* fast travel,via dragon, fly from major city to major city!
  idea 1 : (all players) need to discover the city first before they can hire a dragon for fast
  travel this for of travel would be expensive tho,
  idea 2 : only premium members can use the fast travel option, ( maybe needing to discover city first ) <- good idea
  
* Quest books, a bunch of hand written books that can be bought and read, some of these books, will automatically give
  you a quest once you've started to read it, ( reading all of the books could also give you a special vanity item ) 
  
* quest log, a book that updates automatically, about which quests you are currently doing, and quests you have
  completed, this would be per player, and they cant throw it away and it does not get deleted on death. it is always
  that players quest log
